samples: mmss: Add remote AT cmd execution (#9406)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service/README.rst

   :depth: 2

This sample is a minimal, error tolerant, integrated demonstration of the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud`, :ref:`lib_location`, and :ref:`lib_at_host` libraries.

> It demonstrates how you can use these libraries together to support Firmware-Over-The-Air (FOTA), location services, periodic sensor samples, and more in your `nRF Cloud`_-enabled application.

Reviewer: I believe we need to capitalize Location Services. Otherwise, looks good.

> It demonstrates how you can use these libraries together to support Firmware-Over-The-Air (FOTA), location services, modem AT commands over UART and MQTT, application-specific device messages, and periodic sensor samples in your `nRF Cloud`_-enabled application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It demonstrates how you can use these libraries together to support the following in your `nRF Cloud`_-enabled application:

* Firmware-Over-The-Air (FOTA)
* Location Services
* Modem AT commands over UART and MQTT
* Application-specific device messages
* Periodic sensor samples

```

Author: Since I have a more detailed list below, maybe it would be better to switch to a less detailed overview here -- perhaps:

> It demonstrates how you can use these libraries together to support Firmware-Over-The-Air (FOTA), location services, periodic sensor samples, and more in your `nRF Cloud`_-enabled application.

Do you think that would work?

``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns@1_0_1``

.. _nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service_remote_at:

Remote execution of modem AT commands
=====================================

> If the :ref:`CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS <CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS>` KConfig option is left enabled, you can remotely execute modem AT commands on your device by sending a device message with appId ``MODEM``, messageType ``CMD``, and the data key set to the command you would like to execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the :ref:`CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS <CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS>` KConfig option is enabled, you can remotely execute modem AT commands on your device by sending a device message with appId ``MODEM``, messageType ``CMD``, and the data key set to the command you would like to execute.
```

> The application executes the command stored in the data key, and responds with a device message containing either an error code or the response given by the modem to the AT command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application executes the command stored in the data key, and responds with a device message containing either an error code or the response from the modem to the AT command.
```

For example, if you send the following device message to a device running this sample with :ref:`CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS <CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS>` enabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {"appId":"MODEM", "messageType":"CMD", "data":"AT+CGMR"}

It executes the modem AT command ``AT+CGMR`` and sends a device message similar to the following back to nRF Cloud:

.. code-block:: json

   {
      "appId": "MODEM",
      "messageType": "DATA",
      "ts": 1669244834095,
      "data": "mfw_nrf9160_1.3.2\r\nOK"
   }

> You can do this directly from the nRF Cloud Portal by writing `{"appId":"MODEM", "messageType":"CMD", "data":"AT+CGMR"}` into the Send a message box of the Terminal card and pressing Send.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the nRF Cloud portal, write `{"appId":"MODEM", "messageType":"CMD", "data":"AT+CGMR"}` into the **Send a message** field of the **Terminal** card and click :guilabel:`Send`.
```

Author: I do want to make sure to acknowledge that there are other ways beside the cloud portal, so I have deviated slightly, but otherwise tried to apply your changes

``nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns@1_0_1``

.. _nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service_remote_at:

Remote execution of modem AT commands
=====================================

If the :ref:`CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS <CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS>` KConfig option is enabled, you can remotely execute modem AT commands on your device by sending a device message with appId ``MODEM``, messageType ``CMD``, and the data key set to the command you would like to execute.

The application executes the command stored in the data key, and responds with a device message containing either an error code or the response from the modem to the AT command.

For example, if you send the following device message to a device running this sample with :ref:`CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS <CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS>` enabled:

.. code-block:: json

   {"appId":"MODEM", "messageType":"CMD", "data":"AT+CGMR"}

It executes the modem AT command ``AT+CGMR`` and sends a device message similar to the following back to nRF Cloud:

.. code-block:: json

   {
      "appId": "MODEM",
      "messageType": "DATA",
      "ts": 1669244834095,
      "data": "mfw_nrf9160_1.3.2\r\nOK"
   }

> To do this from the nRF Cloud portal, write `{"appId":"MODEM", "messageType":"CMD", "data":"AT+CGMR"}` into the **Send a message** box of the **Terminal** card and click :guilabel:`Send`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this in the nRF Cloud portal, write `{"appId":"MODEM", "messageType":"CMD", "data":"AT+CGMR"}` into the **Send a message** box of the **Terminal** card and click :guilabel:`Send`.
```

CONFIG_TEST_COUNTER - Enable test counter
   Enables the test counter.

.. _CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS:

CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS - Enable AT command requests

>    AT command requests allow remote execution of modem AT commands, requested using application-specific AT commands.

Reviewer: This is very confusing. Can you simplify it? I am not at all sure how.

Can it possibly be something like: "Application-specific AT command requests allow..."

Author: Yeah, I think this sentence got garbled by accident

I think I meant to write:

> Allow remote execution of modem AT commands, requested using application-specific AT commands.

Do you think that would work, or does it still require simplification?

Reviewer: Maybe that does the trick. If you think it reads well. You are the native speaker, after all.

   See :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service_remote_at` for details.

.. _CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUEST_RESPONSE_BUFFER_LENGTH:

> CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUEST_RESPONSE_BUFFER_LENGTH - AT command request response buffer length (bytes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUEST_RESPONSE_BUFFER_LENGTH - Buffer length of AT command request response (bytes)
```

Author: I can't do this word reorder because it changes the meaning -- It's the length of the request-response-buffer, rather than the buffer-length of the request response

Reviewer: Okay, I misread it. Maybe have it as request-response buffer.

Author: I've rearranged to:

> Length of AT command request response-buffer (bytes)

So that it is extra clear

>    Sets the size of the buffer used to store responses to modem AT commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Sets the size of the buffer for storing responses to modem AT commands.
```

CONFIG_TEST_COUNTER - Enable test counter
   Enables the test counter.

.. _CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS:

CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUESTS - Enable AT command requests
   Allow remote execution of modem AT commands, requested using application-specific device messages.
   See :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service_remote_at` for details.

.. _CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUEST_RESPONSE_BUFFER_LENGTH:

> CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUEST_RESPONSE_BUFFER_LENGTH - Length of AT command request response-buffer (bytes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CONFIG_AT_CMD_REQUEST_RESPONSE_BUFFER_LENGTH - Length of AT command request response buffer (bytes)
```
